# Day 03 of FEC - September 10, 2021

## Daily Thoughts:

Today was day 3 of FEC. Despite some early schedule conflicts, our group has done a great job of communicating and organizing our project. We were able to finalize our ticketing system as well as setup the framework for our FEC project. Today was the last day before solo week that our staff would be around. I have faith in not only my teammates but also the rest of RFP to band together and overcome and upcoming obstacles.

### Daily S.T.A.R. Breakdown:

#### Situation

Today was the last day for us to get any realtime assistance from the staff. My team was working to finalize all of the things that we could possibly need staff assitance with.

#### Task

Our task for the day was to put the finishing touches on our ticketing system and fully initialize our repository and get all of our testing suites and style guides working

#### Actions

In order to complete our task, the following actions were taken:

- Finalized ticketing system using trello
- Began writing ticekts using agreed format
- Initialized the Jest and React Testing libraries in our repo
- Began framing out our webpage using a combo of grid and flexbox

#### Results

Due to our groups abillity to communicate and work together effectively, we were able to accomplish all of the tasks we had set out for ourselves. We were able to not only complete our ticketing system but we were also able to start writing tickets which will allow us to complete quantifiable progress and keep up working in the right direction.

### Obstacles

Our team has been fotunate to not be met with any serious obstacles so far. These are a few things to keep an eye on to make sure we avoid any possible, future obstacles:

- Schedule confilcts
-

### Objectives

Going forward I would like to continue to build rapport with my fellow classmates as we grind through the behemoth that is FEC. Let's GO!!!!
